# RH-Groceries
Here at Rose-Hulman, the weekends are when most do their grocery shopping. However, sometimes the weekends can get filled up quickly with homework and occasionally we all just have a rough week when all we want to do is stay indoors. Our application aims to take advantage of the fact that there are always students out shopping and may need to make a little extra money. With this application, users can connect with others already at or just heading towards the grocery store. There are some applications and even stores within the Terre Haute area that perform this service. However, since those are dedicated delivery services, the costs can be outrageous. We aim to provide a service that would be cheaper based on convenience of the already shopping Rose-Hulman students.

By creating this application, we aim to add value for those requesting the groceries and for those actually buying and delivery the groceries. Our application will focus on reliability and ease of use. In order to guarantee reliability, our application will include profiles for everyone. These profiles will maintain a history of different aspects of the user experience including reviews and delivery times. Before any transaction occurs, our application will make sure that both users involved accept profiles and the terms of the transaction. It is definitely important to make sure that shoppers get paid when they make their delivery. Therefore, our application will include a transaction system using the Stripe Connect API (https://stripe.com/docs/connect) which will allow users to enter payment information and then make payments when transactions are confirmed. Our solution will utilize a mobile friendly design, so users out shopping will have the same amazing experience those at home waiting for groceries will have. Building this application will allow us to utilize our past web development experience, but challenge us to learn and implement a needed technological feature which is required for online transactions.
